---
layout: page
title: About Me
permalink: /about-me/
---
I am a Software Engineer and Technical Leader based in Warsaw, Poland. My passion for computers and technology started when I was only seven years old and got my first home PC. After finishing heavily math-oriented high school and graduating with master’s degree in computer science, I got my first job as a programmer and never looked back. Since the beginning of my professional career in 2009, I work in a consulting business, serving clients from the financial services industry. Strictly speaking, I am involved in delivering tailor-made back-office software for the banking sector and my core technology stack has always consisted of the MS .NET Framework (C#) and MS SQL Server (native, non-ORM T-SQL). Most of the solutions I worked on use ASP .NET for front-end, but I have always been closer to the back-end, thus have minimal experience in creating UIs.

What distinguishes me from most of the software engineers and in general most of the people involved in “hard” science are my highly developed soft skills. I believe that this, combined with technical experience, was my biggest asset that helped me in moving from regular Software Engineer position to my current role of a Team Leader. During this transition, my responsibilities have been greatly extended. Right now, besides programming tasks and taking care of the overall design of the software, I need to ensure that right, motivated people are involved in the right process and that using the best tools available they will deliver the right solution. There is a lot of “right” involved and figuring out what exactly do they mean under actual circumstances is part of my role. By no means it is easy. To answer these questions I invest significant part of my professional life in researching topics related to: hiring, motivating and developing the best programmers; delivering clean, testable and reusable code; software development and delivery methodologies. I also try to keep myself up to date with the available tools helping in the aforementioned areas.

Working in the FSI industry, I have also developed deep interest in financial markets, financial engineering, credit and market risks and almost everything related to the big Wall Street institutions and their trading activities. I don’t have any formal education in these areas and my job does not always allow me to explore them in detail, so diving deep into these topics takes significant part of my free time.

## Disclaimer
This is my personal blog and all the opinions expressed on this website represent solely my own and not those of my current or any of my previous employers.

All content provided on this blog is for informational purposes only. I make no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this website or found by following any link on this blog and I will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. I will also not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information.

In addition, as my knowledge and experience will (hopefully) grow over time, some of the older information presented on this website may no longer reflect my views and opinions at the given moment. As a rule, I will not delete any content and I will not update the information to follow my actual views. Any changes will be made only to correct obvious mistakes (e.g. spelling or grammar) or to clarify/extend the material. If my opinion on some matter will change dramatically and I will feel the need to spread the word about it, it will be done by adding new content (post) to the website, not by correcting the historical material. I will keep the changes to the website transparent by keeping the source of the blog on [GitHub](https://github.com) as a [GitHub Page](https://pages.github.com/) under [sgulinski.github.io](https://github.com/sgulinski/sgulinski.github.io) repository.